Before we start off with our implementations we're rabbit.
Q Let's take a closer look at other Qs and compare it to the performance and other factors of Rabbitte
him.
Q So in here we have a table of like the most popular and Qs out there.
And let's start with a comparison of features.
One by one considering him.
Q Has a broker at the center at the heart.
We have no here but in the case of 0 m q or I or him.
Q And then Apache Kafka.
They either use some distributed way of message brokers or maybe cloudbase Messrs.
Brokers completely different architectures considering rabbit.
Q So we have a broker in Radburn name.
Q So we have a centralized way of communication.
In the case of Clines as you can see almost all the queues have some clients for C C++ C Sharp Java
and some other languages that you can define your Qs Xchange topics and everything and communicate with
your MQ on the transaction perspective.
Of course rabit MQ is supporting that.
But in the case of zero.
Q I renamed Q and Apache Kafka.
You cannot simply do that.
But for Apache Kafka of course you can have an implementation with an external plug in on the persistence
perspective and reliability.
You can configure your rabid MQ such as with the durable argument that we see with the key configuration.
And of course you can configure rabid MQ extensively.
Other than durable argument to be a persistence and reliable MQ in Afkham queue.
We can also configure dat but with him.
Q You have no persistence on the routing perspective as we saw with the public exchanges and audio routing
configurations you can easily implement routing in rabid MQ but in the case of Iran Q And of course
Apache Cupitt you don't have this option.
You cannot use routeing because they'd simply use pops up kind of messaging.
This is the architectural decision of them so they don't have this option on the failover and Hywel
with the perspective.
Robert M..
Q of course is winning here again and in that case there's zero.
Q Is the only missing part.
It doesn't have the proper mechanisms for failover and high availability.
And as you see with the most left part for our table with the rabid MQ properties you see that ráby
named Q has a wide range of features and it supports things like failover high availability routing
persistence transaction and lots of different clients by far.
Rabid Q Is the best choice in the stable but of course it really depends on your task.
It really depends on your work that you want to achieve.
Because some things can be much more suitable for Apache Kafka or zero MQ or active MQ maybe but named
Q In general has more than enough features that you can use and implement and satisfy your customers
clients and everything.